# audio

installs audio packages

ambisonics
analysers
ardour
baudline
deadbeef
jalvselect
linuxsampler
mixers
njconnect
obs
ocenaudio
plugins
polyphone
Protokol
raysession
reaper
rtplugins
sequencers
SonicAnnotator
SonicLineup
SonicPiTool
SonicVisualiser
synths
TouchOSC
utilities

makeh2kit
makesfz
deadbeef and plugins

removes pipewire and installs
jack, alsa, pulseaudio

install_ardour: False
install_audiowaveform: False
install_baudline: False
install_deadbeef: False
install_ecasound: False
install_jacktrip: False
install_jalvselect: False
install_linuxsampler: False
install_njconnect: False
install_non: False
install_obs: False
install_ocenaudio: False
install_patchage: False
install_polyphone: False
install_protokol: False
install_qmidinet: False
install_raysession: False
install_reaper: False
install_rtplugins: False
install_sonicannotator: False
install_soniclineup: False
install_sonicpi: False
install_sonicvisualiser: False
install_swami: False
install_tony: False
install_touchosc: False
install_vampplugins: False
